Learn Python 3 For Beginners : Python Programming Tutorial - Hi everybody and welcome to this course.
First let me thank you for purchasing this course and showing an interest in learning the pipe and tree
programming language.
In this brief lecture we're just going to outline what you are going to learn throughout the course.
So we kick off the course with variables.
And in this lecture you learn to store information and variables and work with text and numerical values.
Next we're going to look at strings and what are strings but a sequence of characters.
And we're going to look at how to use or manipulate them.
Following that section we look at numbers so how to compare numbers to see if they're equal are not
equal to one another and how to create a list of numbers following that we look at list which are a
workhorse of Spuyten and form many of the fundamental parts of your programming list for as much information
as you want in one variable allowing you to work with that data efficiently.
You'll be able to work with hundreds of thousands and millions of values in just a few lines of code.
We then move on to conditions which help you control the flow of your programs.
So what happens if user goes one way or another way which are programs what do your programs do.
Next we'll look at dictionaries.
Dictionaries allow you to connect different pieces of information together like lists.
Dictionaries can contain as much information as you need to store them.
Look at the user input get gathering input from your users to make your programs more interactive and
fun.
Next we look at loops which allow your programs to repeat certain blocks of code.
Following that you will write functions which are named blocks of code that perform a specific task
and can be run whenever you need them and shared with other programmers.
In classes we move into object orientated programs classes allow you to model real world objects such
as dogs cats people's cars spaceships whatever you want so that your code can represent anything real
or abstract.
Then we move into working with files.
You'll be able to store data so that when your program closes you'll be able to read it back into your
programs again.
Next we look at how to handle errors and what happens if your programs crash unexpectedly and how to
avoid that.
Then we look at tests writing tests for your code to help check your programs work the way you intended
them to.
As a result of this you'll be able to expand your programs without worrying about introducing new errors
or bugs testing your code is one of the four skills that will help you transition from beginner to intermediate
programmer.
They are the main topics covered in this course.
Thanks for listening and let's get started with setting you up with Spuyten.
I'll see you in the next lecture. Learn Python 3 For Beginners : Python Programming Tutorial